Consolidate usage of NewErrorAcknowledgement (#1565)
cosmos/ibc-go: CHANGELOG.md

* (modules/29-fee)[\#1338](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1338) Renaming `Result` field in `IncentivizedAcknowledgement` to `AppAcknowledgement`.
* (modules/29-fee)[\#1343](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1343) Renaming `KeyForwardRelayerAddress` to `KeyRelayerAddressForAsyncAck`, and `ParseKeyForwardRelayerAddress` to `ParseKeyRelayerAddressForAsyncAck`.
* (apps/27-interchain-accounts)[\#1432](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1432) Updating `RegisterInterchainAccount` to include an additional `version` argument, supporting ICS29 fee middleware functionality in ICS27 interchain accounts.
* (apps/27-interchain-accounts)[\#1565](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1565) Removing `NewErrorAcknowledgement` in favour of `channeltypes.NewErrorAcknowledgement`.
* (transfer)[\#1565](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1565) Removing `NewErrorAcknowledgement` in favour of `channeltypes.NewErrorAcknowledgement`.

> * (channel)[\#1565](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1565) Updating `NewErrorAcknowledgement` to accept an error instead of a string and removing the possibility of accidental state changes.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this really needs to be changed, but maybe this is a bit clearer / less ambiguous

```suggestion
* (channel)[\#1565](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1565) Updating `NewErrorAcknowledgement` to accept an error instead of a string and removing the possibility of non-deterministic writes to application state.
```
